These are two books.
Oh, my God.
Oh, this is a bibliotech.
Thank you.
And my small piece, in which I was using,
There are all new books, all new books arrived here.
Oh my goodness.
Hold these notes for time.
And notice the bookshelves are maybe just ten inches deep, so only one, like you said, only one book.
Only one book.
It's very difficult to put the second one.
Uh-huh.
Thirty thousand.
Do you know, do you have a catalogue?
Have you catalogued it?
No.
Because they move according to my needs.
A certain book in a certain period stays in the shelf, but it has to move for certain reasons.
Do you mind if I take a few pictures?
Yes.
Maybe one at your desk.
Sitting at your desk would be great.
Yes, I'm trying a translation.
They try it after a minute and they cannot.
A couple of shots with the books.
Well, this is wonderful.
Alfred E. Newman, Mad Magazine.
Yes, but since one, I was published by Warner, and at the LDA there was a novel, and with all the fossils of the author,
Me too, but also Newman.
So I said, I am so proud of this that they prepared for me to keep a warm visit.
Are you ready?
Oh, yeah, I've got to get a picture of that.
That's wonderful.
With you holding it like that.
Yeah, that's great.
So how long have you lived here?
How long have you lived here at this school?
Six years.
Did you design this with all the books?
Oh, yes.
Have you designed this?
Yes.
It's like a warren.
All right, this is like alcoves of bookshelves.
This is unbelievable.
And two months ago I decided to take 400 books into
This is the collection in here.
This is the collection.
So, alchemy, witchcraft, mnemonics, strange languages, Kabbalah, emblems, letters of hermeticism, everything.
Beautiful.
And where is the Aristotle book that inspired The Name of the Road?
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
This is beautiful.
I love this light here, Mr. Echo.
This light is quite wonderful.
Yes, this is made by my daughter, who is an architect.
She designed the...
I love this lectern here.
There it is, Aristotle.
Look.
I want to take a picture of you holding it, too.
This is the Poetita.
And in the last part, there is a second book, which at Ars Comica, at the end, at the end, at the end,
become poisoned and poisoned.
This is so important to the novel.
It's amazing.
It is.
It became very disagreeable to you, so you put it someplace.
So, it is the
The real one.
This is the real one.
I mean, the fake made for the film.
Ah.
Oh, well.
That's the... This is now tell us again what this is.
I'll take a picture.
They do fake files.
I don't know.
In order to use it for the movie.
For the movie.
It is the only memorabilia that I could have.
Who did this for you, Ewa?
Who did that for them?
I think half.
Photos.
That's perfect.
Yeah, that's magnificent.
That is real.
Oh, that's the little... So they copied probably because it is great.
So that has been done professionally, professionally well.
This is real Greek.
I have to put it almost in.
So you copied some from some manuscripts.
Can I take your picture with Mr. Eko?
Or maybe any pictures with you?
About phase and hyper-reality.
My wife is going to take my picture with you, Mr. Eko.
Just look at it.
This is the most beautiful book of the world.
Of the world.
Yes.
To my copies.
The Hypno-Automachia Polyphile.
Ah.
Oh, that's wonderful.
It is not a good copy because there are copies.
So this has been trimmed a little bit.
And how old is this?
1499.
But when I speak of the beautiful paper, you have, look, this is a great book of the Renaissance that I found for ten times less its value.
That always makes you feel good, doesn't it?
Yes.
But it is the 16th place.
Look at the paper.
It looks as print.
Magnificent.
That is unbelievable.
But, the Santa Agustin, I mentioned you, which has 50 years
more, you can do with the original.
Oh, that's the binding, right?
And the class.
And we have a problem.
We made this.
It is not only entirely complicated until the end, which is very handy, but there is a text and a commentary.
So, according to the length of the commentaries, there is a lot of tests, and there is a less test, text and more commentary.
All the commentary, there are things in which the commentary is... Yes.
So, every page is a different typographical invention.
Ah.
And, even in this case... Look at how he's handling it.
Look at the paper.
Whose annotations are they?
Do we know who he... Yes, it is...
49 years old.
That is unbelievable.
507 years old.
And look at the paper.
What does this say on the spine?
Not the spine.
In the usual monastery they wrote probably
only they were kept like these.
So that was a way of shelving it, cataloging it, or whatever.
And where did the book come from?
Do you know?
The provenance of it?
No, I don't think so.
I just want to write down the title of it, too, if I can.
No, but I was mentioning you and writing these parathesis.
Look, look,
The beauty of the note, the way the book has been worked about, worked by work.
Can you tell anything about the reader, the person, the reader whose annotations leave that?
No.
No, because there is no possession mark.
No, but does it tell you something about him as an individual beyond his identity?
An alchemist.
When they would write, would they write their observations from their reading or are they ideas?
Are they interacting with the text?
Certainly, sometimes correcting it, sometimes elaborating it.
But you see, now the writing is probably of the same time.
What is the title of this book?
What do we call it?
It's one of the volume of the complete works of Panacelsus.
I'm sure the title page is just like that.
Ex Bibliotheca Christophori Stimuli.
Oh, so we do have it in there.
There is a provenance, yes.
Let me say I have some more news about... Ah, catalogs, card catalogs.
This or this one?
Ex Biblioteca Cristofori Stimeli.
I just want to get a picture of the title page of the book in its original.
I don't want to handle it myself.
Can I just get a picture?
Sometimes there are books in which you know who made the notes.
Recently, I don't remember which one, which I did this.
We know who was this time.
And the copy.
And I think it is well, this is Nukonabu.
Very, very good copy.
Beautiful.
With the notes.
And according to my information, the notes, signature on title and annotation of the Polish opposition and book collector Peter Wedecki, born in the second half of the 15th century.
He studied in Krakow.
I don't know which reasons it was possible to retrace the owner.
In this case this is called possession mark of a certain one.
Obviously it was something
Beautiful.
Lovely.
Beautiful notes.
And look at the engravings.
That was an astronomy.
And look at the... Can I just get a picture of the title page of this one here, the big one, the folio?
We talked quite a bit about that.
This is difficult because there is a complete handwritten.
Yes, that's wonderful.
Complete handwritten.
Great.
This has been wonderful.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
You know that Alexa always likes to share, to show, because there are not so many people interested.
And you have some lovely maps, of course, that must come.
Did you get these for the new book, the last novel?
Yeah.
The description I gave on the island of the day before of the disease of the valley, it was a description exactly of that man.
We love that book.
My wife read it before I did, as a matter of fact.
Yes, I bought some
maps of that time.
This war rest is of the same map of Coronelli, about, yes, my place was here, and he found here this precise antipode of Venice.
How old is that map?
That must be... Coronelli.
Yes, yes, that's the way it's 400 years old.
The problem is to find the real one, but the real one is dead.
And probably the real one is completely in color, but you know there is a piracy
Because a bookseller who has this, he can sell it for, let's say, $100,000.
But if he says the separator, it takes double.
More than double.
Oh, now there is another side of the book, Technology, which is...
this is the book of cares you have it in Dublin I calculated that no human being can see it completely because they open two pages every month so your life is not enough that's now the anesthetic made by laser art of a total perfection they look
Look, Le Travicheur de Luc de Berry, another book that if you are not Mr. Panofsky, Mr. Gombrich, two, three persons in the world, you cannot touch it.
But the anesthetic, you see, you feel the gold.
To touch here, you feel the gold.
And they are reproducing even the wormhole.
Oh no, they did, they did.
All the transparencies of the... They did.
So it's possible, finally.
In fact, everybody knew of the treasure of those images that are in every calendar.
But the discovery of the rest is absolutely a discovery for a common person.
Now they cost a fortune, they too.
What is this book again?
I missed the title.
Les Très Richeurs du Duc de Berthe.
Oh, that's the Duc de Berthe.
Yes, every word you find.
They made the complete anesthetic.
Then a critical volume made by the greatest scholar in this field, the experience.
And they have a market.
I get them free.
They want you to see them?
You earn them, sir.
You earn them.
You have earned them.
No, they ask you maybe to make a blurb or something like that.
But this now goes like the original.
Well, the British Library is doing a thing they call turning the page.
They're going to do digital images of the Lindisfarne gospel.
And so you'll be able to actually turn the page and see everything.
But this is a real industry.
There are the Spaniards.
There are many.
Those are Swiss.
And according to me, they are the best.
They make, let's say, 800 copies.
These codes now, $30,000 or something.
They sell it to the great libraries.
$30,000 for that?
Yes, I think.
And now it's $30,000.
Wow.
I repeat, I didn't know.
No, that's not necessary for that.
What do you think of somebody like Bill Gates, who's putting the billionaire, who's putting on the walls of his new house these screens that he can see the great paintings?
Yes.
But, okay.
He was a poor man and has no other chances to have one cigar.
They are my facsimiles.
You can have a good...
reproduction.
His naivete is maybe that he believes that it will substitute the real gallery.
That's wonderful.
Then why she spent so much money for the Leonardo O'Connor since he could have his reproduction.
It makes honestly a difference.
I would like to have in my little room every
the night the different images and the uh the case i love the case maybe just echo here by the case yes okay
Thank you.
This dancer?
And I'm going to come in close.
Thank you.
What?
That's wonderful.
I can't believe it.
We've taken about this whole thing.
It's not lit yet?
Maybe on our way out we'll see it.
But we are very happy because we discovered that the leaves look like Vermont.
This year we have an immediate passage from summer to winter.
And it seems that it's worked out.
The leaves, they look like in Vermont.
I was telling my wife today, I said, look, I have a fall here this year.
But this is unusual.
Unusual.
Unusual to have those colors.
Absolutely.
Yeah, really.
Yellow.
That is like an Indian... No, the East Coast.
The red leaves of the East Coast.
No, it's not usually the East Coast.
Oh, we thought it was typical because it was so pretty.
You had golden colors.
There was a sudden passage that produced this result.
We were lucky enough to see that.
This is beautiful.
It reminded us of home.
so this is a case of where we we hear something that was by looking at it looking at what it was without having any real conception of what it is or what it might have been i don't know maybe they're not expressing it they look at the last supplement
I would like to see if it's a theater, because I've never seen it.
Okay, thank you.